hello ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls out of the three universe and
welcome back again to another episode of
smackdown spoilers and this week's
episode is on the spotters that will be
coming out will be airing on january
twenty fifth and while the month is
almost over the year just started we're
almost at the fabula rumors on februari
this is insane Royal Rumbles right
around the corner I cannot wait into the
word Rumble I am excited as hell I'm so
stay tuned for my predictions video is
going to come up shortly I'm going to be
going throughout all the matches
throughout the whole royal rumble what's
going to happen the Royal Rumble what
surprises are going to come out in the
Royal Rumble it's going to be ecstatic
I'm going to love the Royal Rumble
that's one of my favorite tool you know
pay-per-views is the Royal Rumble money
in the bank and WrestleMania and
occasionally SummerSlam so you know
survive receive as it was ok but you
know I'm starting to lose you know faith
is very series but yeah Roy Roma one of
my favorite pay-per-views come right
around the corner and I cannot wait um
to wait why am I talking about the
wormhole this is a smackdown spoilers
video spoilers are down in the
description below so go check them out
if you want to but if you don't it's ok
because they're not worthwhile because
the show looks iffy I mean the build-up
the hype towards the Royal Rumble is not
as strong as it should be but again it's
the Royal Rumble who's not gonna buy the
removable I know I am so thank you for
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
it if you did leave a like down below
and if you didn't do not leave me a
dislike because that makes me very sad
but yeah thank you for watching and
actually one more big announcer that um
shortly pretty soon I'm gonna be hitting
a hundred 100 videos 100 videos which is
insane I started this channel like two
or three months ago Sunday that and I'm
already gonna hit 100 100 videos which
is insane and now our something pretty
special so I want you to leave me any
questions you got from me in the cops
below anything you really really really
really want to know about you know
anything weta UFC boxing I mean I don't
know too much about boxing but you know
you actually whatever personal stuff I
don't care just leave me a like the
comments below because I do i do it
sounds like a good idea so help me okay
who just needs cash them breath
yeah thank you for all the views because
I I'm the only person out there with the
mud subscribers that i got and the views
that I got so that's insane thank you
very very much for that and uh yeah
spiders down below enjoy them have fun
of subscribing you around here thank you
bye